---
layout: service
title: Invisalign
order:
dropdown: true

---

One of the best and most preferred dental options for achieving a perfect smile is orthodontic treatment. In fact, there are more than 5 million Americans, who are currently going through straightening of their bite. The most popular method, used in orthodontics, are braces. However, many adults are concerned about wearing them, mainly because they are visible and could cause some irritation and discomfort.

If you want to achieve the smile of your dreams without your treatment interfering with your day-to-day life, the best solution for you is Invisalign.

What is Invisalign?

The Invisalign treatment consists of a series of almost invisible, removable aligners that you change every two weeks for the next set of aligners. Each aligner is individually manufactured for your teeth only. As you replace each aligner, your teeth will move – little by little, week by week – until they have straightened to the final desired position.

Before starting the treatment with Invisalign, Dr. Marder is going to make a virtual treatment plan for you, generated by a unique 3D software. The plan will show the series of movements your teeth will go through over the course of your treatment. This allows you to see upfront what your teeth are expected to look like at the end of the treatment. Your custom-made aligners are going to be produced in accordance with the results of the software plan.

Why Invisalign?

* Invisalign is an effective treatment option for a wide variety of cases, including crowding, spacing, crossbite, overbite and underbite.
* The clear aligners are comfortable and almost invisible, so the treatment almost doesn’t influence your  everyday comfort.
* The aligners can be removed for easy cleaning and convenient dining.
* Invisalign treatment can give you the smile you have always dreamed of and the self-confidence to be  successful in life.

Invisalign is a great orthodontic option. However, it is important that you visit an experienced  
Invisalign-trained dental provider to see how well Invisalign fits your specific needs. Dr. Marder has spent many years researching and training in the areas of natural orthodontic dentistry, holistic TMJ and pain treatment, cranio-sacral health, and biological care in order to provide you with the best orthodontic experience in Seattle. Request your appointment by calling Integrative Dentistry today!
